This Specification is protected by copyright laws and contains
material proprietary to Khronos. Except as described by these terms,
it or any components may not be reproduced, republished, distributed,
transmitted, displayed, broadcast or otherwise exploited in any
manner without the express prior written permission of Khronos.

This Specification has been created under the Khronos Intellectual
Property Rights Policy, which is Attachment A of the Khronos Group
Membership Agreement available at
https://www.khronos.org/files/member_agreement.pdf.

Khronos grants a conditional copyright license to use and reproduce
the unmodified Specification for any purpose, without fee or royalty,
EXCEPT no licenses to any patent, trademark or other intellectual
property rights are granted under these terms. Parties desiring to
implement the Specification and make use of Khronos trademarks in
relation to that implementation, and receive reciprocal patent
license protection under the Khronos Intellectual Property Rights
Policy must become Adopters and confirm the implementation as
conformant under the process defined by Khronos for this
Specification; see
https://www.khronos.org/conformance/adopters/file-format-adopter-program.

Khronos makes no, and expressly disclaims any, representations or
warranties, express or implied, regarding this Specification,
including, without limitation: merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, non-infringement of any intellectual property,
correctness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and reliability.
Under no circumstances will Khronos, or any of its Promoters,
Contributors or Members, or their respective partners, officers,
directors, employees, agents or representatives be liable for any
damages, whether direct, indirect, special or consequential damages
for lost revenues, lost profits, or otherwise, arising from or in
connection with these materials.

The Khronos Intellectual Property Rights Policy defines the terms
"`Scope`", "`Compliant Portion`", and "`Necessary Patent Claims`".

Some parts of this Specification are purely informative and so are
EXCLUDED from the Scope of this Specification. <<Document Conventions>>
in <<Introduction>> defines how these parts of the Specification
are identified.

Where this Specification uses technical terminology, defined in the
Glossary or otherwise, that refer to enabling technologies that are
not expressly set forth in this Specification, those enabling
technologies are EXCLUDED from the Scope of this Specification. For
clarity, enabling technologies not disclosed with particularity in
this Specification (e.g. semiconductor manufacturing technology,
hardware architecture, processor architecture or microarchitecture,
memory architecture, compiler technology, object oriented technology,
basic operating system technology, compression technology, algorithms,
and so on) are NOT to be considered expressly set forth; only those
application program interfaces and data structures disclosed with
particularity are included in the Scope of this Specification.

For purposes of the Khronos Intellectual Property Rights Policy as
it relates to the definition of Necessary Patent Claims, all
recommended or optional features, behaviors and functionality set
forth in this Specification, if implemented, are considered to be
included as Compliant Portions.

Where this Specification identifies specific sections of external
references, only those specifically identified sections define
normative functionality. The Khronos Intellectual Property Rights
Policy excludes external references to materials and associated
enabling technology not created by Khronos from the Scope of this
Specification, and any licenses that may be required to implement
such referenced materials and associated technologies must be
obtained separately and may involve royalty payments.

Khronos^®^ and Vulkan^®^ are registered trademarks, and KTX^™️^ and
WebGL^™️^ are trademarks of The Khronos Group Inc. OpenGL^®^ is a
registered trademark and the OpenGL ES^™️^ and OpenGL SC^™️^ logos
are trademarks of Hewlett Packard Enterprise used under license by
Khronos. ASTC is a trademark of ARM Holdings PLC. All other product
names, trademarks, and/or company names are used solely for
identification and belong to their respective owners.
